Release: 10.0.1 (#9084)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/internal-developers/testing/releases/1001.md

# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.0.1

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/11260936/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Single Product Compatibility Layer: add support for custom HTML Blocks. [(9075)](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9075)

1. Go to Appearance > Editor and in the Single Product template before upgrading to the blockified version, add a HTML Block _outside_ of the Group block as shown in the screenshot below with the contents `<h2>HTML Block here</h2>` (or similar)
2. Save and view this block on the frontend.
3. Return to the template, upgrade it to the blockified version
4. Save and view on the frontend. Be sure that the HTML is visible on the page.

![Screenshot 2023-04-17 at 14 34 13](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8639742/232499923-9ca7cb7a-c4e7-417d-af78-a8b86b87ea10.png)

### Blockfied Single Product Template: Add support for template for specific product. [(9069)](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9069)

> 1. Go to Editor > Manage Templates > Add new > Single Post: Product > Select a product with multiples images

Reviewer: For me, this menu element is called `Single Item: Product`:

![imatge](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3616980/232767595-b73501d9-a018-49cc-8e11-703277962e97.png)

I would maybe rephrase the entire sentence just in case:

```suggestion
1. Go to Appearance > Editor > Templates > Add new (plus icon) > Single Item: Product > Select a product with multiples images
```
